Handle unexpected params passed (#691)
focus-trap/focus-trap: .changeset/modern-peas-pay.md

---
'focus-trap': patch
---

> handle unexpected param (true) passed as initialValue option

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Handle unexpected param (true) passed as the value for the `initialFocus`, `fallbackFocus`, and `setReturnFocus` options: Ignore and perform default behavior.
```
